The Readme
1. Is the Readme file the first document displayed upon lading the Github? Does this Readme page include a title, and the name and contact information for all project members?
Yes the README is the first document upon opening the GitHub. The README includes title, name and conatct information for the project member.

2. Is the purpose of this program clear from the Introduction? What -in your own words- is the motivation behind the program.
The motivation behind this project is to use the MiSebastes primer to help distinguish a new metabarcode for the fish Sebastes spp.

3. Is there a program workflow and is it easy to understand? What -in your own words- is the program workflow?
The program workflow for this project consists of taking DNA files with a single non repreating sequence and comparing that with a different species to see where their sequences are similar.

4. Are the dependencies indicated in the workflow? If there are Hoffman2 specific requirements are they indicated?
The dependencies are biopython and Anacapa. There is no specific requirements for Hoffman2

5. Are there instructions for running the program? Do the instructions make sense? What would you do to improve the instructions?
No, there are no instructions.

6. Is there a section that indicates the files and directories produced by the program?
There is a seciton that contains the code needed to run the program.

7. Are the research programs / motivations for the program cited? Are the dependencies cited?
Yes, everything is cited
The Scripts
8. Is there a directory that contains all of the program scripts?
YES

9. Do these programs generate a run log?
YES
The Vignette
10. Is there a directory called Vignette and does it include a test set, the commands used to run the program and the expected output databases?
there is a vignette but nothing is in the file

11. Where you able to run the Vignette using the small test dataset? If not what errors did you get? If so was it easy to run the dataset? Where the instructions clear
NO

12. Where you able to reproduce the expected output? If not what was different.
Not sure because there was nothing in the Vignette file
General
13. Give at least two suggestions for ways to improve the GitHub page or the operation of the program.
Add instructions and add information to your Vignette folder
